README.md, before:

# 📱 iOS Knowledge Base  

Welcome to the **iOS Knowledge Base**! 🚀  
A collection of notes, explanations, and examples about Swift and iOS development.  

---

## 📖 Featured Articles  

1. [Value Types in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Value-Types-in-Swift)  
2. [Reference Types in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Reference-Type-in-Swift)  
3. [Swift VS Objective-c](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Swift-vs-Objective‐C)  
4. [Generics in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Generics-in-Swift)
5. [Swift Variables](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Swift-Variables)
6. [Solid principles](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Solid-principles)
7. [Dependency Injection](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Dependency-Injection)
8. [Object‐Oriented Programming (OOP)](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Object‐Oriented-Programming-(OOP))
9. [Protocol‐Oriented Programming (POP)](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Protocol‐Oriented-Programming-(POP))
10. [Swift vs Objective‐C: POP vs OOP](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Swift-vs-Objective‐C:-POP-vs-OOP)
11. [Memory Management in Swift — weak, strong, and unowned](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Memory-Management-in-Swift-—-weak,-strong,-and-unowned)
12. [Singleton Pattern in Swift — Class vs Struct](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Singleton-Pattern-in-Swift-—-Class-vs-Struct)
13. [Thread-Safe Access & Mutation of Singleton Properties in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Thread‐Safe-Access-&-Mutation-of-Singleton-Properties-in-Swift)
14. [Declarative vs Imperative Programming in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Declarative-vs-Imperative-Programming-in-Swift)
15. [Aggregation vs Composition (and Interface Segregation)](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Aggregation-vs-Composition-(and-Interface-Segregation))
16. [Immutable vs Mutable in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Immutable-vs-Mutable-in-Swift)
17. [Copy‐on‐Write (COW) in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Copy‐on‐Write-(COW)-in-Swift)
18. [Cookies, Sessions, and API Authentication in iOS](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Cookies,-Sessions,-and-API-Authentication-in-iOS)
19. [Concurrency in iOS](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Concurrency-in-iOS)
20. [Grand Central Dispatch (GCD)](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Grand-Central-Dispatch-(GCD))
21. [Operation](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Operation)
22. [Async Await](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Async-Await)
23. [SwiftUI](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/SwiftUI)
24. [SwiftUI ↔ UIKit Interoperability](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/SwiftUI-↔-UIKit-Interoperability)
25. [Combine](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Combine)
26. [Uploading Multiple Images in Parallel](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Uploading-Multiple-Images-in-Parallel)
27. [Closures](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Closures)
28. [Swift Persistence Technologies: Realm vs Core Data vs SwiftData](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Swift-Persistence-Technologies:-Realm-vs-Core-Data-vs-SwiftData)
29. [SwiftData](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/SwiftData)
30. [Realm Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Realm-Swift)
31. [iOS App Security](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/iOS-App-Security)
32. [Common iOS App Crash Types & What Usually Causes Them](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Common-iOS-App-Crash-Types-&-What-Usually-Causes-Them)
33. [iOS Design Patterns](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/iOS-Design-Patterns)
34. [Git](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Git)
35. [Comparison between UIKit and SwiftUI lifecycles](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Comparison-between-UIKit-and-SwiftUI-lifecycles)
36. [App ID vs App Store ID vs Bundle ID in iOS](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/App-ID-vs-App-Store-ID-vs-Bundle-ID-in-iOS)
37. 





---






✨ More topics will be added soon to help developers understand Swift deeply and prepare for interviews.

Commit message:

Add link to Memory Allocation in Swift section

README.md, after:

# 📱 iOS Knowledge Base  

Welcome to the **iOS Knowledge Base**! 🚀  
A collection of notes, explanations, and examples about Swift and iOS development.  

---

## 📖 Featured Articles  

1. [Value Types in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Value-Types-in-Swift)  
2. [Reference Types in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Reference-Type-in-Swift)  
3. [Swift VS Objective-c](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Swift-vs-Objective‐C)  
4. [Generics in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Generics-in-Swift)
5. [Swift Variables](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Swift-Variables)
6. [Solid principles](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Solid-principles)
7. [Dependency Injection](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Dependency-Injection)
8. [Object‐Oriented Programming (OOP)](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Object‐Oriented-Programming-(OOP))
9. [Protocol‐Oriented Programming (POP)](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Protocol‐Oriented-Programming-(POP))
10. [Swift vs Objective‐C: POP vs OOP](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Swift-vs-Objective‐C:-POP-vs-OOP)
11. [Memory Management in Swift — weak, strong, and unowned](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Memory-Management-in-Swift-—-weak,-strong,-and-unowned)
12. [Singleton Pattern in Swift — Class vs Struct](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Singleton-Pattern-in-Swift-—-Class-vs-Struct)
13. [Thread-Safe Access & Mutation of Singleton Properties in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Thread‐Safe-Access-&-Mutation-of-Singleton-Properties-in-Swift)
14. [Declarative vs Imperative Programming in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Declarative-vs-Imperative-Programming-in-Swift)
15. [Aggregation vs Composition (and Interface Segregation)](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Aggregation-vs-Composition-(and-Interface-Segregation))
16. [Immutable vs Mutable in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Immutable-vs-Mutable-in-Swift)
17. [Copy‐on‐Write (COW) in Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Copy‐on‐Write-(COW)-in-Swift)
18. [Cookies, Sessions, and API Authentication in iOS](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Cookies,-Sessions,-and-API-Authentication-in-iOS)
19. [Concurrency in iOS](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Concurrency-in-iOS)
20. [Grand Central Dispatch (GCD)](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Grand-Central-Dispatch-(GCD))
21. [Operation](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Operation)
22. [Async Await](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Async-Await)
23. [SwiftUI](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/SwiftUI)
24. [SwiftUI ↔ UIKit Interoperability](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/SwiftUI-↔-UIKit-Interoperability)
25. [Combine](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Combine)
26. [Uploading Multiple Images in Parallel](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Uploading-Multiple-Images-in-Parallel)
27. [Closures](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Closures)
28. [Swift Persistence Technologies: Realm vs Core Data vs SwiftData](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Swift-Persistence-Technologies:-Realm-vs-Core-Data-vs-SwiftData)
29. [SwiftData](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/SwiftData)
30. [Realm Swift](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Realm-Swift)
31. [iOS App Security](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/iOS-App-Security)
32. [Common iOS App Crash Types & What Usually Causes Them](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Common-iOS-App-Crash-Types-&-What-Usually-Causes-Them)
33. [iOS Design Patterns](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/iOS-Design-Patterns)
34. [Git](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Git)
35. [Comparison between UIKit and SwiftUI lifecycles](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Comparison-between-UIKit-and-SwiftUI-lifecycles)
36. [App ID vs App Store ID vs Bundle ID in iOS](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/App-ID-vs-App-Store-ID-vs-Bundle-ID-in-iOS)
37. [Memory Allocation in Swift: Value vs Reference Semantics and Escape Analysis](https://github.com/marwaattefsaleh/IOS-knowledge-Base/wiki/Memory-Allocation-in-Swift:-Value-vs-Reference-Semantics-and-Escape-Analysis)









---






✨ More topics will be added soon to help developers understand Swift deeply and prepare for interviews.
